Expand README.md and restructure repo (#172)
d409f19/cellmata: README.md

# Cellmata 
![CircleCI branch](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/d409f19/cellmata/master.svg)
![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/d409f19/cellmata.svg)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/d409f19/cellmata.svg)

Cellmata is a simple programming language designed for concisely writing and rendering cellular automata. 
This project is developed on the basis of a semester-project at AAU by group d409f19. 

This repository contains the source code and files related to the Cellmata compiler. 

> Note that all source-code is released under GNU GPL v2.0.

Reviewer: I don't think it's normal to put the license it the opening block, I would expect it to be in at the end of the README under a license section

Author: Fixed in 69bfcf5

## Conway's Game of Life example

> The popular _game_ Conway's Game of Life (CGOL) is a popular cellular automaton (CA) which emulates _life_.

Reviewer: You stating that it's popular twice, maybe remove the seconds use of "popular"
```suggestion
The popular _game_ Conway's Game of Life (CGOL) is a cellular automaton (CA) which emulates _life_.
```

```
world {
    size = 100 [wrap], 100 [wrap];
    tickrate = 30;
    cellsize = 8;
}

neighbourhood Moore {
the
}

state Dead (255, 255, 255) {
    if (count(Alive, Moore) == 3) {
        become Alive;
    }
}

state Alive (0, 0, 0) {
    let aliveNeighbours = count(Alive, Moore);
    if (aliveNeighbours < 2 || 3 < aliveNeighbours) {
        become Dead;
    }
}
```

> This program consists of a world-, neighbourhood-, and two state-declarations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This program consists of a world-, a neighbourhood-, and two state-declarations. 
```

The state-declarations define the logic to be executed upon evaluation each cell of that given state. 
Note how this resembles a function, but rather than specifying a `return`-statement, a `become`-statement specifies which state the cell should become.

> Cellmata also defines a set of built-in functions, here `count(state, neighbourhood)` is used, which are discussed in the language-guide.

Reviewer: "language-guide" should be a link to the language guide

Author: Fixed in 69bfcf5

## Using Cellmata

> If you just want to get started, then downloading the jar-file from [latest releases](https://github.com/d409f19/cellmata/releases) and only using the interpreter is sufficient for writing a Cellmata program and rendering this through the interpreter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get started by with writing you own cellular automator by downloading the compiler from the [release section](https://github.com/d409f19/cellmata/releases). The compiler features both a build-in interpreter and [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) target. If you are new to programming, or just wanna get going quickly, the interpreter is the easiest starting for get use cellular automation running.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can get started by with writing you own cellular automata by downloading the compiler from the [release section](https://github.com/d409f19/cellmata/releases). The compiler features both a build-in interpreter and [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) target. If you are new to programming, or just want to get going quickly, the interpreter is the easiest way to get a cellular automaton running.
```

> Since the source is free and public, you are more than welcome to contribute to the project. No code-of-conduct has been released yet, so use your best judgement.

Reviewer: Should be a separate section called "Contributing"

Author: Fixed in 69bfcf5
